I don't know, Nick.
You're the one who counts the money.
These books...
Yes, I know.
Hello?
I am not sure.
Hello! Excuse me!
I just want to know if... Hel...
It will be new this time.
Really.
The money papers are all set.
OK. I will see you in one hour. OK. Bye.
Now...
How much for those books?
Hm?
The books with leather covers.
All the books by Charles Dickens.
Is the leather real?
They are real Dickens books.
I need to know. They must match my sofa.
All other things in my house are real.
I will give you 200.
Are they pounds made of leather?
No.
They will not match my wallet.
Next!
Hello!
Hello.
I need The Little Book of Calm.
Do you have it?
I am late for work.
Uh, Calm...
Um, is this it?
No, no, it is just...
Too big, too big.
Little... just little...
This one, this?
No! No, calm.
The Little Book of Calm.
Um, this?
That is it! Yes!
Two-fifty.
Two-fifty...
Could...
I will just get you a bag.
No, no - no bag, just the book!
I will make you a receipt.
No, that is fine!
It is broken. I will write one. Little...
I will do it!
Calm, two-fifty. Thank you.
(Talking very fast and low)
"Let go sometimes,
"you are a free lily
floating down a yellow river."
(Sighs)
Sorry. I do not like my job.
What a funny man.
OK, the shop is closed!
Everyone leave!
Time to go home! Come on!
It is only a bit before three.
Yes, but it is my shop!
Come on, go home! Bye-bye!
That is not fair.
It is not fair at all. Get out!
I want better help...
Want all you like. Bye-bye!
Come on, you people wasting my time!
Go back to the streets!
Goodbye! Thank you! Bye-bye-bye!
Back to real life. Thank you!
(Machine knocking sound)
Bernard, do you want this?
What is it?
It is a thing.
Is it?
Yes.
What does it do?
It is very new.
You do not know, do you?
It is very cool now.
Will you watch the shop?
I need to see my money man.
Will you get someone to help
so I do not have to keep doing this?
OK, but you have to do it
for me in two days.
OK. Why?
You know Julie?
Yes.
They are making the baby come out and...
she asked me to be there when the baby is born.
Ugh.
There will be lots
of blood and yelling and...
No, I will just get drunk.
She will be on medicine,
I will be drunk...
it will be like old times.
OK, have fun. Bye.
Hello?
I do sell a lot of silly things, do I not?
So, show me your new way of keeping papers,
Bernard.
This is March...
...to, um... Silly-name.
This is... Other stuff...
And-and-and the rest are,
um... Other.
Other what?
Other old weeks, is it?
No. Other...
times.
So it is This Week,
Very New, and...
All Other Times.
Help me, Bernard,
what does All Other Times mean?
I do not know, Nick!
I am not...
Wonder Woman.
This new way is a lot like
the old way, is it not?
I would say more.
I would say it is just the same.
But...
No, it is the same.
I just kind of lied
on the phone, Nick. I lied.
Well...
(Did you hear that?)
What? What?
Oh, nothing.
You are lucky I am so...
nice.
Other money men might...
(Phone)
Hello? Yes, Jane. Oh, OK.
OK, yes, mm-hm.
(Machine sound)
I just have to go for a bit.
What, now?
Yes, see you soon, OK? Bye.
He is always one step more quick!
The cat is out of the basket!
(Sirens)
Mmm.
Yes, it is going fast.
I am on it.
It will be in the pipe soon.
The best thing is if I...
You...
Manny... What are you eating?
Soup?
Yes.
It has big bits in it.
What is in it?!
Big bits.
Should I be doing a job?
I have the Gleason money papers -
I would have e-mailed them
but I had a... a lot of stuff on...
the thing... that makes things bigger,
and, um... the plug went in some drink.
Look, just do better
or leave, OK?
(Phone)
Eh? Hi, yes.
Yes.
(Hard to hear)
Yes, I am looking for the, um...
...the work money papers.
"Think of the ocean."
(Yelling)
Oh, a calm sea, right.
Right, we need to put
Friday's bills in.
OK, yes.
Here I come.
(Choking)
What is it?
It is my Little Book of Calm...
I have swallowed
my Little Book of Calm!
(Siren sound)
Is it a kind of bald fluffy toy?
Bernard! Closing early? How did it go?
Nick the money man...
Nick the money man... is running away!
I am not doing my money papers!
Why?
You can stick it up your bum!
Bernard, you will have
to do them by yourself. It is easy.
Yes, give it... give it a try.
I am sure I could sort of do it.
WHAT?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?!
THE WHAT?!
"If you live in a town flat
by a river but are not blind..."
WHAT?!
"What is your mother's family name?"
What is her first name?!
I just knew her as Ma!
Ma - that will have to be it.
Ma.
Maybe she is dead.
"Did the money you spent and can't get back
for the first half of the year
"go over what you took off
for your tax money back?"
Right, all my socks are in pairs.
Back to the money papers.
OK.
"Did the money you spent and can't get back
for the first half of the year
"go over what you took off
for your tax money back?"
Hello, Ma? It is Bernard.
No, nothing is bad.
I do not need a reason
to call my mother, do I?
I know, I am, yes.
I know.
Yes. Yes. I will.
I know. Ha. Yes.
Yes! I know.
Yes. OK.
Goodbye, I have to do my tax!
"Did your money spent
that you can't get back..."
(Knock at door)
Thank God!
Yes?
Could we talk to you about Jesus?
Great! Come in!
What?
I would love to hear about Jesus!
Come on in!
Um, are you sure?
Yes! In, in! Come in! It is a trick!
It is just... most times
people do not say yes.
I am not people -
come on in, let us talk about what we believe!
Come in, come in. Sit down.
Right, let us go.
Well... to be true
we have never really...
thought this much before.
It is, uh, it is nice in here.
Inside.
What is your best story
about, um... Our Lord?
Money men,
it has to be the money men.
Chasing them out of the church.
It is great stuff.
And you?
Well, it is all good. I guess when he saved... when Jesus saved the Samaritan.
No, that is a story Jesus tells
about the Samaritan
who helps someone else.
Really? Wow.
I like the one where he went
to eat with the tax man.
And do you have any books
or... anything I could look at?
Oh, yes!
Those books and papers!
(Both) Books and papers!
(Beeping)
Ah, there you are.
Time for my news?
It is bad news, I am scared, Mr Bianco.
The Little Book of Calm
is stuck between
your small gut and your pancreas.
If it turns a little bit left,
you will be dead very fast.
Oh, my God...
No, wait a bit.
The other thing that could happen,
and this is more likely,
is that the Little Book of Calm
will move into your kidney tube.
If this happens, you could live
for maybe...
ten years, one year, who can tell?
But because of the big cuts
made by the book,
you could be in lots of pain...
Oh, my... Sorry.
...during that time
Oh, my God!
(Beeping)
Sorry, I have to go.
We will cut you open tomorrow.
There is a good chance
you will live - 30 out of 100 I would say -
so try not to feel bad.
As the book itself says...
um, "When you are
in a hard spot,
"try to think you are stuck
on a nice desert island."
So he said that because
no one is without bad things, right?
Yes, that is what he...
But it was not clear.
So it is like God and Jesus
are the same thing?
Yes. Are you sure you will not stay?
No, really, we have to go,
it is very late.
OK, as you wish.
Call again soon, yes?
Oh, yes, yes.
Yes, yes...
Goodbye.
Yes, later.
Bernard?
Done with your money papers?
Yes. I have turned them
into a quite nice casual coat.
Bernard!
I mean, it is a very nice coat,
but what about your money papers?
I do not know! Will you do them?
Oh, you have got that wrong for
a start - you share by ten there.
Oh - no, no, no,
I am not doing this.
I have to give all my thoughts
to being with Julie when the baby comes.
Oh! Look, look!
There is something on the side!
15.99. Oh, no, I wrote that.
What am I going to do?
Who is going to help me?
(Doctor) Mr Bianco,
back with us now.
There has been a... problem.
You see, we went in
to take out the book and, um...
Well, in doctor talk, it is gone.
To say it a new way,
it is not there.
I do not know how this happened.
The only way to say it
is that you took it
into your body,
which cannot happen.
How do you feel?
Add a bit of lavender
to your bath,
and soon,
you will make yourself calm.
I am sorry?
If you want to feel calm,
eat more fresh fruit and plants,
yoghurt, milk and seeds.
Um, maybe I should
let you get some sleep.
When you rest, you are a king
looking at your land.
Look at the trees,
the pretty birds on the grass.
Be the king of your own calm land.
Uh... Yes.
I have got it!
I am doing them!
I know what this is -
it is for not eating sugar.
Yes, that is just what it is not.
No, that is silly, is it not?
What is this - blah blah
blah blah blah blah
yes yes blah blah...
"Rule for not doing it,
"person who is hurt or sick
for a short or long time
"can wait to give their papers..."
Wait..."Person who is hurt or sick
for a short or long time
"can wait to give their papers..."
(Laughs)
No, no, stop it, Bernard. You would
have to really hurt yourself.
You are not going to do that
just to not do money papers.
This is on a special price.
Really?
Yes, it is free if you break my legs.
OK then.
Great!
I will get the post for breaking legs.
Wait, I have read this. That is the bad thing with Wodehouse.
Yes, now break my legs.
But I have read it! No, I am sorry.
What is this?! Do you know
what the heck this is?
(Loudspeaker) 'Would the person helping
Julie Williams with her baby
'please go to delivery room one.'
(Singing) # Gloria!
Gloria!
(Woman yelling)
Where is my baby helper?!
I cannot do this
without my baby helper!
Where is she?!
Julie, we cannot find her.
We have been calling her all day.
When you feel lots of stress,
do something new.
Roll up your shirt arms
or eat an orange.
Gloria!
(Dog barking)
(Car alarm beeping)
(Alarm stops)
Is it a kind of pretend breast?
You know, that dads put on?
What are you saying?
You know, for babies.
Ba...
Babies. Oh, my God - Julie!
Oh!
Look for things
that make you laugh.
If you see nothing to laugh at,
act like you see it, then laugh.
(Talks low)
(Man) Oi!
Hairy!
What are you looking at?
Have you ever seen a calm
person with a loud voice?
Try to speak soft sometimes.
Add a bit of lavender to milk,
leave town with an orange
and act like you are laughing at it.
Oi! You people, you better go,
I have to do a few...
I have to... Oh! Men with no hair!
Great!
Do you think you are funny?
What did I miss?
Want another hit, do you?
Another hit?
Which one of you girls
wants to dance?
Hey, when you are doing your normal
three person fun on a weekend
and the moon light is hitting off
your heads and bums,
is that not hard to tell apart?
Right. Look, this is you, OK?
# Tra-la-la la-la
la-la la-la... #
Millwall, that is the team.
Do you know this song?
Millwall, Millwall,
you are all very bad,
and your girlfriends
are not happy and feel alone.
(# Singing)
Hmm?
Uhh?
(Crying softly)
(Hitting softly)
Are you in pain?
Not enough! Where did they go?!
They got tired and left.
Um, why... why did you do that?
That was so great,
the way you just...
kept letting them
hit you and... Thank you.
I am hurt, I do not have to do
my money papers. You saw it.
(Knock at door)
I could do your money papers.
What?
I am a money man. I used to be.
It is the smallest thing I could do.
You mean you could do more?
Yes.
Could I have a glass of wine?
OK.
And a ham sandwich?
If you want.
With pickle?
All right.
(Both yell)
Right, you start on that
and I will start the...
work of the day.
Car will not start.
Cab number, cab number.
Got to get to Julie...
(Screams)